speaking of mom stuff have you seen the
video of the woman giving birth in her
car this is if you haven't see isn't one
of the craziest videos ever recorded we
just a baby in the car oh that's crazy
[Music]
so crazy right till we track the family
down and they're from mckinney texas and
they are joining us live now please
welcome Alexis and Dominique sweetie
congratulations so did you have a boy or
a girl
we had a girl oh and how's she doing she
is doing awesome just sleeping a lot and
how are you doing I'm really good
so last Wednesday this happened right
yeah and you started the day off how I
started the day off in labor I was not
in the car yet though but I was
definitely in labor we took a trip to
the midwife's office where she told me I
was seven centimeters in transition and
it was time to go to the hospital how
far away was the hospital about 12 to 15
minutes so two other fifty minutes and
how quickly did the baby start to poke
out eight minutes you got it all on
video right Dominique you got the whole
thing and why were you videotape the
whole time I'm watching I'm thinking put
the camera down and drive the car that's
what everyone yeah y'all can blame me I
asked him I was like in case she's
boring in the car they take video Oprah
would not approve of this strategy I'm
just telling you so you got actually got
out of the car with more kids than you
got into it
and then another thing people were
asking is because you asked Alexis if
she could wait two minutes yeah I would
think so
Alexis what was going through your head
while this was happening and why were
you in that position physically that's
funny cuz the Midwife actually put me
into the car that way she was like glean
the seatback sound this will be the most
comfortable and I did not argue because
I mean I guess it was it probably wasn't
the most comfortable way I could have
delivered that baby what about the kids
how do they what's going I mean you know
at some point you have to tell them
where babies come from and they're gonna
say well the car of course they have any
understanding of what went on here did
you get a discount at the hospital
because you delivered this one yourself
I don't think I hope you did so alright
how many kids do we have there now one
two three four five kids do you want to
have more kids
absolutely
[Laughter]
does your card still have that new baby
smell so I actually I would love you to
do uh just a quick favor for me if you
could could you go answer the front door
can we yes yes would you mind going to
the front door and opening it I don't
know you guys do things in a weird way
so however I want to get over there we
were concerned that maybe things might
not be clean in the car anymore so so we
called our friends at Chrysler
we are upgrading here yeah you can
always do it go in there have a couple
more kids than whatever you like it's a
brand new Chrysler Pacifica and so yeah
there you go it does it smell good yeah
go for it
all right kids yes all right well you
don't have to leave but all right well
say hey congratulations to you guys
thank you and thanks to Chrysler for
giving us the car and thanks for
watching and remember every time you
click the subscribe button one of your
enemies gets destroyed